With that we learned all about the basics of components.
We learned how to create them, how to contain them in single files, how to make sure that the styling
gets only applied to that component,
how to register them locally and globally, what the advantages of single file templates are, how to
structure our project and how to choose the selector names,
a lot of very useful things. You can now work with these components and use all the other features you learned
in the earlier modules in this course like outputting data there and so on just like you did before
now in components. Now in the next module, I want to dive deeper into components and learn how we can communicate
across components to send data from a parent to the child
and the other way around. Let's dive into this in the next module.